chore: start using wasm32-wasip2 target instead of cargo-component (#2426)
grafbase/grafbase: crates/grafbase-hooks/README.md

Build your own hooks by implementing the [`Hooks`] trait, add the [`grafbase_hooks`] attribute on top of the hooks
implementation and register the hooks type to the gateway using the [`register_hooks`] macro.

> The hooks component is a WASM module that is loaded by the gateway at startup. If you are using Rust version 1.8.3 or later,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hooks component is a WASM module that is loaded by the gateway at startup. If you are using Rust version 1.83 or later,
```
